Deprecate setting `metadata` and `original_metadata` attributes (#2913)
hyperspy/hyperspy: upcoming_changes/2913.api.rst

> Deprecate setting ``metadata`` and ``original_metadata`` attributes in favour of using :py:meth:`~.misc.utils.DictionaryTreeBrowser.set_item` and :py:meth:`~.misc.utils.DictionaryTreeBrowser.add_dictionary` methods or specifying metadata when creating signals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecate the abilitiy to directly set ``metadata`` and ``original_metadata`` Signal 
attributes in favor of using :py:meth:`~.misc.utils.DictionaryTreeBrowser.set_item` 
and :py:meth:`~.misc.utils.DictionaryTreeBrowser.add_dictionary` methods or 
specifying metadata when creating signals
```
